J|QA|We are looking for a QA Engineer with hands-on experience in all aspects of Quality Assurance of a web-based application. The Candidate will be a member of a growing Agile development team, focusing on the Quality Assurance of a solid web-based software;
T|QA|We are looking for a driven individual to design, develop, test, and scale software application test frameworks for current and new products;
S|QA|We are looking for a QA Engineer which will have to develop testing strategy and test cases as part of a product development team and initiate, develop and maintain automation framework and framework enhancements;
E|QA|We are looking for a QA Engineer which will have significant experience in QA automation and use their expertise and knowledge of the industry practices for developing and executing software test cases (e.g. functional, system, integrated, & regression), utilising automated test tools;
A|QA|We are looking for a QA Engineer which will need to possess the ability of working independently on all tasks regardless of complexity and work very closely with QAs and software developers to review functional automation test coverage to ensure QA goals are met;
J|DEV|We are looking for an enthusiastic Developer to join our experienced software design team. You will report directly to the Development Manager and assist with all functions of software coding and design. Your primary focus will be to learn the codebase, gather user data, and respond to requests from senior developers;
T|DEV|We are searching for a driven, detail-orientated Developer to join our growing organization. Responsibilities include performing research, building prototypes, inspecting products, ensuring sites are safe and clean, providing customer support, and reporting to the supervising Engineer. You should be able to troubleshoot equipment, communicate effectively under pressure, and provide effective suggestions for improvement;
S|DEV|We are looking for an experienced Developer to be responsible for overseeing junior developers on projects and supporting various development duties. The responsibilities of Senior Developers include writing code, analyzing data, and contributing to the design and implementation of software;
E|DEV|We are looking for a software developer to join our cutting-edge development team as it grows. We want someone who is comfortable asking “why?” The ideal candidate is a divergent thinker who understands industry best practices and has experience with multiple coding languages;
A|DEV|We are looking for a software developer must be able to evaluate and identify software solutions. Their jobs often begin by working with a client to discuss what they need their custom software to do or looking at poor-behaving software and finding ways to improve it. If creating consumer products, they may look at similar existing products and find ways to better them or revolutionize them;
J|SP|We are looking for a Support Specialist which will assist the assist staff at the front counter in providing quality customer service under direct supervision of the Manager of User Services in various assignments related to the function of the Help Desk and will be responsible for a list of duties;
T|SP|We are looking for technically skilled candidates with excellent interpersonal skills for the Technical Support position. Technical Support Officers troubleshoot technical issues, provide timely customer feedback, and support the roll-out of new applications, among other duties;
S|SP|We are looking for a Customer Support Specialist to assist our customers with technical problems when using our products and services.Customer Support Specialist responsibilities include resolving customer queries, recommending solutions and guiding product users through features and functionalities. To be successful in this role, you should be an excellent communicator who is able to earn our clients trust. You should also be familiar with help desk software;
E|SP|We are looking for a Support Specialist which will maintain the computer networks of all types of organisations, providing technical support and ensuring the whole company runs smoothly. IT Support monitors and maintains the company computer systems, installs and configures hardware and software, and solves technical problems. Because of the nature of the job, some companies may require their IT Support to undertake shift work;
A|SP|We are looking for a Technical Support Engineer to provide enterprise-level assistance to our customers. You will diagnose and troubleshoot software and hardware problems and help our customers install applications and programs.Technical Support Engineer responsibilities include resolving network issues, configuring operating systems and using remote desktop connections to provide immediate support. You will use email and chat applications to give clients quick answers to simple IT issues;
J|OPS|We are looking for an experienced and enthusiastic DevOps Engineer. As our new DevOps Engineer, you will be in charge of the specification and documentation of the new project features. In addition, you will be developing new features and writing scripts for automation using Perl/Python/Groovy/Java/Bash;
T|OPS|We are looking for a DevOps to help us build functional systems that improve customer experience. DevOps Engineer responsibilities include deploying product updates, identifying production issues and implementing integrations that meet customer needs. If you have a solid background in software engineering and are familiar with Ruby or Python, we would like to meet you;
S|OPS|We are looking for a DevOps which will provide highly skilled technical support and delivery capability for production services in a technical operations environment.  This person will support technical and procedural consistency within a team focused on the implementation, service delivery, and support of products, systems, & networks;
E|OPS|On a day-to-day basis, the DevOps Engineer drives initiatives for driving down incident rates and works with all levels of operations to improve service recovery times. In addition, this person will develop the implementation process to ensure that all aspects of operability are delivered whilst ensuring that existing service levels are maintained or improved;
A|OPS|The role includes designing and supporting operational standards, procedures, and best practices.  If you are interested in working within a highly visible and well respected team, making an impact within an organization, collaborating and learning everyday the DevOps Engineer role may be a fit for you;
J|ARH|The Architect will translate business needs into technical systems solutions and architectural roadmaps. The Senior Enterprise Architect work assignments involve moderately complex to complex issues where the analysis of situations or data requires an in-depth evaluation of variable factors;
T|ARH|The Software Architect will spend a lot of time working with other engineers, senior architects and directors designing database schema, and laying out the basic code architecture so an offshore team can run with it. You will also be tasked with projects that you will own and see through to completion;
S|ARH|The Architect will work with the best scrum masters and UX teams in the state. You will not act as the scrum master over offshore development, but you will participate on some of the calls, resulting in a few hours each week spent on late night, or early morning calls;
E|ARH|We are looking for an experienced Software Architect to make intuitive high level decisions for software development. You will see the “big picture” and create architectural approaches for software design and implementation to guide the development team;
A|ARH|We are looking for a software architect with strong technical background and excellent IT skills. They are experienced in designing and possess ability to develop a unified vision for software characteristics and functions. The goal is to provide a framework for the development of a software or system that will result in high quality IT solutions;